Hey everyone! My name is andy, and today my friend @theron and I are incredibly happy to unveil CE Assistant. This is a project that we have both been working incredibly hard on for since the start of June, and we'd like to tell you a little bit about it. There are two main goals of CE Assistant: rolls and game additions. As far as rolls go, we have managed to completely take the human factor out of this process entirely, meaning that rolling games, rerolling games, co-op rolls, and cooldowns are now entirely handled by CE Assistant. We encourage each and every one of you to give it a try yourself - especially if rolls have interested you but it was always too much work or you never really knew about it. The second goal we accomplished was game additions. Now, every time any game is updated on the site, CE Assistant will send an embed to #game-additions alerting you what was changed. These were both massive pursuits, more than either of us ever anticipated, but we are so happy to have them both working. We have made some minor additions as well. You can now change your role color with /set-color at any time, without pinging a mod, so long as you have access to that color.

Please make sure you use /register with your CE link - this will put you in CE Assistant's local database so it can keep track of your rolls and CE information. Once you register, this command will disappear and will be replaced by /update. Feel free to use this command whenever you'd like, specifically once you've completed a game that you've rolled.Unfortunately, reroll tokens have been reset. So, if you previously had a substantial amount of reroll tokens, please reach out to me so I can manually update your profile.

We'd like to give a thank you to @Folkius, who was incredibly cooperative throughout the entire process, responsed to late-night messages and answered countless stupid questions. We'd also like to give a shoutout to @crappy for making our very own custom CE Assistant icon (thank you). And finally, a very very special shoutout to @apollo, who helped us with plenty of judgement calls, answered questions, and helped us shape the bot into what it is today.
